AAP-40667 edits (#3202)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-operator-create-controller-workflow-template.adoc

[id="proc-operator-create-controller-workflow-template_{context}"]

= Creating an {ControllerName} workflow template custom resource

> A workflow job template links together a sequence of disparate resources that tracks the full set of jobs that were part of the release process as a single unit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workflow job template links together a sequence of disparate resources to track the full set of jobs that were part of the release process as a single unit. 
```
